Add utilities to debug the JSON that is used to decode a model (#16)
JARMourato/Kodable: README.md

}
```

## Debugging

While developing it might be useful to know what JSON is being received, so that we can be sure that the options chosen lead to correct decoding. There are several ways to do this, however, for simplicity sake, Kodable provides a simple way to print the JSON value received. 

> Lets take for example the following JSON and Kodable models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take for example the following JSON and Kodable models:
```

> ```Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

{

>     identifier: "1",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "identifier": "1",
```

    "social": 987654321,

>     "first_name": John,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "first_name": "John",
```

    "address": {
        "zipCode": 94040,
        "state": "CA"
    },
    "aliases": [ "Jay", "Doe" ]
}

struct Address: Codable {
    let zipCode: Int
    let state: String 
}

struct User: Kodable {
    var identifier: String = ""
    var social: String?
    @Coding("first_name") var firstName: String
    @Coding(default: "+1 123456789") var phone: String
    @Coding var address: Address
}
```

> Kodable provides 2 ways to debug the JSON that will be used to decode the `User` model. The first is to check the whole JSON value for the model. In order to do that is needed is to conform the model to the `DebugJSON` protocol: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kodable provides 2 ways to debug the JSON that will be used to decode the `User` model. The first is to check the whole JSON value for the model. To achieve that, conform the model to the `DebugJSON` protocol: 
```

> ```Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

struct User: Kodable, DebugJSON {
    /.../
}
```

Whenever an instance of the `User` model is decoded you'll get the following message in the console

> ```Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

Decoded JSON for type User:
{

>     identifier: "1",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "identifier": "1",
```

    "social": 987654321,

>     "first_name": John,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "first_name": "John",
```

    "address": {
        "zipCode": 94040,
        "state": "CA"
    },
    "aliases": [ "Jay", "Doe" ]
}
```

However, sometimes the model can be quite extensive and you're only interested in a specific nested model. In that case, there is a second option which is to mark only the property you want with the option `.debugJSON`: 

```Swift
struct User: Kodable {
    var identifier: String = ""
    var social: String?
    @Coding("first_name") var firstName: String
    @Coding(default: "+1 123456789") var phone: String
    @Coding(.debugJSON) var address: Address
}
```

> In which case, for every instance of the `User` model that is decoded, you'll get the following message in the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In which case, for every instance of the `User` model that is decoded, you'll get the following message in the console:
```

> ```Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

Decoded JSON for the address property of type User:
{
    "zipCode": 94040,
    "state": "CA"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
